I have a letter for you.
What?
I asked you to lend me your book.
You are talking too much.
I'm not talking too much.
I used to use this word.
I used to say this and that.
I'm not good at using words.
I'm not joking. I'm a man.
I see. You are not a man.
How many books do you have?
Books?
The book is called...
...The Book of the Five Sages.
You are being so polite.
I know the book.
How many books?
The book is called...
...The Book of the Five Sages.
How many books?
I don't know.
I don't understand.
Look carefully at the words.
The book is called...
...The Book of the Five Sages.
I asked you to lend me your book.
You should have said that earlier.
I don't think you should have.
I can't get in the store with ten books.
So please bring five books to the store.
You can't get in the store with ten books.
There are many books.
Please lend me your plate.
Please lend me your bowl.
It's a hassle to wash the books.
I'll buy it at the grocery store next door.
The police is next to the old man's place.
You should have said that earlier.
You should have written the map in advance.
I tend to refuse.
The police is next to the old man's place.
The police doesn't sell the bridge.
Of course.
I'll buy it at the grocery store next door.
That's strange.
The grocery store is a post office.
I see.
You tend to refuse.
I'll buy it at the grocery store next door.
The grocery store is a post office.
You should have written the map in advance.
You tend to refuse.
The grocery store is a post office.
It's a post office.
You tend to refuse.
I'll buy it at the grocery store next door.
You'll be late.
Do you have any chocolate?
I'll look for it.
Wait.
I found it.
The plate is large, so I couldn't hide it in the shadow.